KHUSHI BANSAL              
 
Objective  
 
Aspiring Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning engineer with a 
strong foundation in computer science and a passion for solving 
complex problems. Seeking to apply my skills in programming and 
AI/ML algorithms in a dynamic environment to contribute meaningfully 
to cutting-edge projects. Contact  
 
📱 :8694063000, 
 : khushibansal17june2003@gmail.com  
 
 
Education  
 
B. Tech in Computer Science 
(Specialization: AI and ML) 
SRM University of Science and 
Technology  
Expected Graduation: 2026  
 Current CGPA: 9.49/10  
 
Skills 
 
Programming Languages: 
Python, C, C++ 
Concepts: OOPS, DSA, OS 
Web Technologies: JavaScript, 
HTML, CSS 
Database: MySQL 
Cloud Platforms:  
Google Cloud, AWS 
Other Tools:  Jupyter 
Notebooks, Google Earth 
Engine 
 
Hobbies 
 
Painting 
Badminton 
Reading 
 
  Projects  
 
Flood mapping using sentinel-1 SAR data 
 Developed a cloud-based solution using google earth engine to a nalyze 
flood-prone regions in assam, India. 
 Utilized SAR data to extract and visualize insights starting from 2015. 
Land use and land cover analysis for Madurantakam lake 
 Employed SVM, Logistics Regression, ANN and Random Forest
algorithms for satellite image classification from 1990 to 2020. 
 Processed data using google cloud, enhancing predictions of land use 
changes. 
Ayurvedic plant classification model using VGG16 
 Built a classification model to identify plants like neem and aloe vera with 
high accuracy using machine learning. 
 Designed a user- friendly frontend for prediction components and report 
integration. 
 
Website, Portfolios and Profiles 
 
GITHUB:      https://github.com/kbansal17 
Leetcode:   https://leetcode.com/u/BhqxznWmaH/ 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/khushi-bansal-a8a8712b3/  
 
Co-Curricular Activities 
 
 In addition to my studies, I have taken part in several Hackathons, 
Quizzes and Coding Competitions during my time here as well as in my 
school years. 
 My greatest achievement is securing a 100% scholarship and achieving 
a rank of 8th in the SRMJEE. 
 
 
 
 
